project-planning/development-strategy.md, before:

# JavaScript Promofocus

...

---

## User Story Dependencies

[Story Dependency Diagram](https://excalidraw.com/)

---

## WIREFRAME

![wireframe]()

---

## 0.Setup

---

## 1. User story : Initialize Application

**As a user I want to see the initial page when I load the site**

**Assigned to Sayed**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `initialize-application`.

- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

- Create a wireframe

### Task B

- Added `header tags`
- Added `p tags`
- Added `div tags`
- Added `a tags`
- Added `section tags`
- Added `article tags`
- Added `footer tag`
- Added `ol&li tags`
- Added `ul&li tags`

### Task ...

- Added `link` for Google CSS ICONS
- Added some icons
- Added style for all created HTML tags

---

## 2. User story : Set time

**As a user I would like be able to set the time to study base on promodo technique and set a time for long break and short break**

**Assigned to Sayed**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `set-time`.

- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A: CSS

### Task B: HTML

### Task C: JavaScript

### Task D: Development Strategy

- Wrote what I did in this branch(part of the project)

### Task E: Issues

- Created an issue for this user story

### Tast F: PR

- Create a PR and assigned reviewers

---

## 3. User story : Add tasks in the list

**As a user I should be able to see a text box and add button so that I can be able to add tasks**

**Assigned to Razvan**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `add-task`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 4. User story : MARK/UNMARK - add check box to update the task

**As a user I should be able to see the added items in todo list**

**Assigned to Anna**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `mark-unmark`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 5. User story : Clear task

**As a user I should be able to delete the tasks that I want**

**Assigned to Yulia**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `clear-task`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Create a deleteItems method

---

## 6. User story : Edit task

**As a user I should be able to delete the tasks that I want**

**Assigned to Murrielle**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `edit-task`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Create a deleteItems method

---

## 7. Finishing Touches

- Validate code to check for any last mistakes

**Assigned to Murielle**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `final-touch`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

Commit message:

Wrote the dev-strategy for this user story

project-planning/development-strategy.md, after:

# JavaScript Promofocus

...

---

## User Story Dependencies

[Story Dependency Diagram](https://excalidraw.com/)

---

## WIREFRAME

![wireframe]()

---

## 0.Setup

---

## 1. User story : Initialize Application

**As a user I want to see the initial page when I load the site**

**Assigned to Sayed**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `initialize-application`.

- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

- Create a wireframe

### Task B

- Added `header tags`
- Added `p tags`
- Added `div tags`
- Added `a tags`
- Added `section tags`
- Added `article tags`
- Added `footer tag`
- Added `ol&li tags`
- Added `ul&li tags`

### Task ...

- Added `link` for Google CSS ICONS
- Added some icons
- Added style for all created HTML tags

---

## 2. User story : Set time

**As a user I would like be able to set the time to study base on promodo technique and set a time for long break and short break**

**Assigned to Sayed**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `set-time`.

- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A: CSS

- Added style attributes inside functions to change the style by running the function

### Task B: HTML

- Update textContent of some elements by running the function

### Task C: JavaScript

- Created functions to change the style
- Created functions to make the timer work
- Created variables and stored HTML elements inside

### Task D: Development Strategy

- Wrote the development-strategy part for this branch

### Task E: Issues

- Created an issue for this user story

### Tast F: PR

- Create a PR and assigned reviewers

---

## 3. User story : Add tasks in the list

**As a user I should be able to see a text box and add button so that I can be able to add tasks**

**Assigned to Razvan**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `add-task`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 4. User story : MARK/UNMARK - add check box to update the task

**As a user I should be able to see the added items in todo list**

**Assigned to Anna**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `mark-unmark`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---

## 5. User story : Clear task

**As a user I should be able to delete the tasks that I want**

**Assigned to Yulia**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `clear-task`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Create a deleteItems method

---

## 6. User story : Edit task

**As a user I should be able to delete the tasks that I want**

**Assigned to Murrielle**

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `edit-task`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Create a deleteItems method

---

## 7. Finishing Touches

- Validate code to check for any last mistakes

**Assigned to Murielle**

- \_Given [context] when [a specific action is performed] then [a set of consequences should occur]\_\_
- ...

### REPO

- This user story is developed on branch `final-touch`.
- This branch is merged to `master` branch after completion.

### Task A

### Task B

### Task ...

---
